Benchmark Engineering Tool/example/README.md, before:

# Benchmark Engineering tool integrated with SmartMDSD

BenchmarkEngineeringTool provides an interface to be used with SmartMDSD. The interface simply loads the ".standardized_problem" files created by the tool into C++ structures in the SmartMDSD. The loaded structures can be then used by the developers to ease developing the BenchmarkExperiment based on the developer's created model yet leveraging the structure offered by the BenchmarkEngineeringTool. The following guideline states the steps on how to load the ".standardized_problem" files into the SmartMDSD.

## One-time install

1. EMF4Cpp using `bash setupemf4cpp.sh`. This script install EMF4CPP and its dependencies (e.g. Qt5).

## Create Benchmark Project

1. Import **BenchmarkExperimentLib** into the SmartMDSD workspace using 
   ``File > Import > General > Existing Projects into Workspace > select archive > BenchmarkExperimentLib`

2. Build the **BenchmarkExperimentLib** 

   ```bash
   cd BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen
   cmake .
   make
   ```

3. Create **ComponentBenchmark...**

4. Amend **ComponentBenchmark...**/smartsoft/CMAKELists.txt to include

   ```cmake
   # Begining of File
   ## Location of BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen
   add_subdirectory("../../BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen/" "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/build") 
   ## Set location of installed emf4cpp
   set(EMF4CPP_PATH="/home/smartsoft/emf4cpp")
   ## Location of BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen and Qt5 
   include_directories(../../BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen/ /usr/local/include/emf4cpp ${EMF4CPP_PATH}/emf4cpp.tests/resource ${EMF4CPP_PATH}/emf4cpp /usr/include/x86_64-linux-gnu/qt5)
   find_package(Qt5Widgets)
   find_package(Qt5Declarative)
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS}
       ${Qt5Widgets_EXECUTABLE_COMPILE_FLAGS}")
   
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "-Wall -std=c++11 -fPIC")
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG "-g -DDEBUG")
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE "-O3 -funroll-loops")
   set(CMAKE_LD_FLAGS "-L.. -L/opt/emf4cpp/lib")
   
   # End file
   target_link_libraries(test-create emf4cpp-ecorecpp emf4cpp-ecore emf4cpp-ResourceTests emf4cpp-benchmark_experiment emf4cpp-standardized_problem emf4cpp-basicAttributes emf4cpp-communicationObject emf4cpp-componentDefinition emf4cpp-serviceDefinition emf4cpp-communicationPattern emf4cpp-coordinationPattern emf4cpp-componentMode emf4cpp-stateMachine emf4cpp-parameterDefinition Qt5::Widgets)
   
   ```

3. Create activity in the **ComponentBenchmark...**

4. in the created activity.cc, add the following dependencies

   ```c++
   #include <cassert>
   #include <unordered_map>
   #include <string>
   
   #include <ecorecpp/resource/ResourceSet.hpp>
   #include <ecorecpp/resource/URIConverter.hpp>
   #include <ecorecpp/resource/XMLResource.hpp>
   #include <ecorecpp/MetaModelRepository.hpp>
   
   #include <ecore.hpp>
   #include <ResourceTests.hpp>
   
   #include <ecorecpp.hpp>
   #include <standardized_problem.hpp>
   #include <basicAttributes.hpp>
   #include <fstream>
   #include <memory> // for std::auto_ptr
   #include <assert.h>
   
   #include <cassert>
   #include <unordered_map>
   #include <string>
   
   #include <ecore.hpp>
   #include <standardized_problem/Standardized_problemPackage.hpp>
   #include <basicAttributes/BasicAttributesPackage.hpp>
   #include <typeinfo>
   ```

5. Import the benchmark_model generated from the BenchmarkEngineeringTool by calling the following lines:

   ```c++
   ::ecorecpp::MetaModelRepository::_instance()->load(::basicAttributes::BasicAttributesPackage::_instance());
   
   ::ecorecpp::MetaModelRepository::_instance()->load(::standardized_problem::Standardized_problemPackage::_instance());
   // Location of the file to be loaded:    
   const QUrl file = QUrl::fromLocalFile("/home/smartsoft/Desktop/Database/sp.standardized_problem");
   	::ecorecpp::resource::ResourceSet rSet;	
   	rSet.getResourceFactoryRegistry()->getProtocolToFactoryMap()
   		[file.scheme().toStdString()].reset(new ::ecorecpp::resource::XMLResourceFactory());
   
   auto resource = rSet.createResource(file);
   resource->load();
   
   // StandarizedProblem object
   auto standardizedProblem = ::ecore::as<::standardized_problem::StandardizedProblem>(resource->getContents()->get(0));
   std::cout << "Loaded standardized problem:" << standardizedProblem->getLabel();
   ```

   6. Accordingly, the standardized_problem structures can be used in the created activity

## Issue that can be faced

Issue 1: SMART_MACROS cannot be found

> Solution 1: Don't run Eclipse with Admin rights
>
> Solution 2: Get another fresh Smartsoft Virtual Machine

Issue 2: CMake error: missing necessary privelages

> Solution 1: run `sudo chown -R . ` in the workspace folder containing the Component project

## Note

Always clean remove the `build` directory of any imported project or `CMakeFiles, CMakeCache, Make `, and rebuilt it using step 2

Commit message:

Updated README how-to run screwhole localizer exp

Benchmark Engineering Tool/example/README.md, after:

# Benchmark Engineering tool integrated with SmartMDSD and Screwhole Localizer Benchmark example - how to

BenchmarkEngineeringTool provides an interface to be used with SmartMDSD. The interface simply loads the ".standardized_problem" files created by the tool into C++ structures in the SmartMDSD. The loaded structures can be then used by the developers to ease developing the BenchmarkExperiment based on the developer's created model yet leveraging the structure offered by the BenchmarkEngineeringTool. The following guideline states the steps on how to load the ".standardized_problem" files into the SmartMDSD, and how to run the Screwhole Localizer Benchmark Experiment.

Note: a virtual machine with all prerequisites installed is available on https://github.com/Mohamedgalil/plug-and-bench#downloads. 

## Part I: Benchmark Engineering tool integrated with SmartMDSD - how to
### One-time install

1. EMF4Cpp using `bash setupemf4cpp.sh`. This script install EMF4CPP and its dependencies (e.g. Qt5).

### Create Benchmark Project

1. Import **BenchmarkExperimentLib** into the SmartMDSD workspace using 
   ``File > Import > General > Existing Projects into Workspace > select archive > BenchmarkExperimentLib`

2. Build the **BenchmarkExperimentLib** 

   ```bash
   cd BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen
   cmake .
   make
   ```

3. Create **ComponentBenchmark...**

4. Amend **ComponentBenchmark...**/smartsoft/CMAKELists.txt to include

   ```cmake
   # Begining of File
   ## Location of BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen
   add_subdirectory("../../BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen/" "${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/build") 
   ## Set location of installed emf4cpp
   set(EMF4CPP_PATH="/home/smartsoft/emf4cpp")
   ## Location of BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen and Qt5 
   include_directories(../../BenchmarkExperimentLib/src-gen/ /usr/local/include/emf4cpp ${EMF4CPP_PATH}/emf4cpp.tests/resource ${EMF4CPP_PATH}/emf4cpp /usr/include/x86_64-linux-gnu/qt5)
   find_package(Qt5Widgets)
   find_package(Qt5Declarative)
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS}
       ${Qt5Widgets_EXECUTABLE_COMPILE_FLAGS}")
   
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "-Wall -std=c++11 -fPIC")
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG "-g -DDEBUG")
   set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_RELEASE "-O3 -funroll-loops")
   set(CMAKE_LD_FLAGS "-L.. -L/opt/emf4cpp/lib")
   
   # End file
   target_link_libraries(test-create emf4cpp-ecorecpp emf4cpp-ecore emf4cpp-ResourceTests emf4cpp-benchmark_experiment emf4cpp-standardized_problem emf4cpp-basicAttributes emf4cpp-communicationObject emf4cpp-componentDefinition emf4cpp-serviceDefinition emf4cpp-communicationPattern emf4cpp-coordinationPattern emf4cpp-componentMode emf4cpp-stateMachine emf4cpp-parameterDefinition Qt5::Widgets)
   
   ```

5. Create activity in the **ComponentBenchmark...**

6. in the created activity.cc, add the following dependencies

   ```c++
   #include <cassert>
   #include <unordered_map>
   #include <string>
   
   #include <ecorecpp/resource/ResourceSet.hpp>
   #include <ecorecpp/resource/URIConverter.hpp>
   #include <ecorecpp/resource/XMLResource.hpp>
   #include <ecorecpp/MetaModelRepository.hpp>
   
   #include <ecore.hpp>
   #include <ResourceTests.hpp>
   
   #include <ecorecpp.hpp>
   #include <standardized_problem.hpp>
   #include <basicAttributes.hpp>
   #include <fstream>
   #include <memory> // for std::auto_ptr
   #include <assert.h>
   
   #include <cassert>
   #include <unordered_map>
   #include <string>
   
   #include <ecore.hpp>
   #include <standardized_problem/Standardized_problemPackage.hpp>
   #include <basicAttributes/BasicAttributesPackage.hpp>
   #include <typeinfo>
   ```

7. Import the benchmark_model generated from the BenchmarkEngineeringTool by calling the following lines:

   ```c++
   ::ecorecpp::MetaModelRepository::_instance()->load(::basicAttributes::BasicAttributesPackage::_instance());
   
   ::ecorecpp::MetaModelRepository::_instance()->load(::standardized_problem::Standardized_problemPackage::_instance());
   // Location of the file to be loaded:    
   const QUrl file = QUrl::fromLocalFile("/home/smartsoft/Desktop/Database/sp.standardized_problem");
   	::ecorecpp::resource::ResourceSet rSet;	
   	rSet.getResourceFactoryRegistry()->getProtocolToFactoryMap()
   		[file.scheme().toStdString()].reset(new ::ecorecpp::resource::XMLResourceFactory());
   
   auto resource = rSet.createResource(file);
   resource->load();
   
   // StandarizedProblem object
   auto standardizedProblem = ::ecore::as<::standardized_problem::StandardizedProblem>(resource->getContents()->get(0));
   std::cout << "Loaded standardized problem:" << standardizedProblem->getLabel();
   ```

   8. Accordingly, the standardized_problem structures can be used in the created activity

### Issue that can be faced

Issue 1: SMART_MACROS cannot be found

> Solution 1: Don't run Eclipse with Admin rights
>
> Solution 2: Get another fresh Smartsoft Virtual Machine

Issue 2: CMake error: missing necessary privelages

> Solution 1: run `sudo chown -R . ` in the workspace folder containing the Component project

## Part II: Screwhole Localizer Benchmark example - how to
This part depends on Part I. Please make sure that you finished all the steps in Part I before continuing further.
1. Import all projects (under https://github.com/Mohamedgalil/plug-and-bench/tree/master/Benchmark%20Engineering%20Tool/example) into a SmartMDSD workspace
2. Install the `ComponentHoleLocalizer/install_dependencies.sh`
3. Follow Part I Step 4 to add the integration dependencies to the CMAKE of ComponentBenchmarkHoleLocalizer
4. Place the benchmark images in a folder, and point to these images in `ComponentDatabase` under ComponentDatabase/smartsoft/src/SendDatabaseAnswHandler.cc
5. In `ComponentBenchmarkHoleLocalizer` under `ComponentBenchmarkHoleLocalizer/smartsoft/src/Activity3.cc`, define the location of the model (`____.standardized_problem`) and where the output report should be saved
4. Build and compile all projects using SmartMDSD CMAKE and build icons (figure below), recommended in the following order:
``` BenchmarkLib (using Part I step 2) > CommHoleLocalizer > CommHoleLocalizerBenchmark > ComponentDatabase > ComponentHoleLocalizer > ComponentBenchmarkHoleLocalizer ```
![smartmdsd_button](https://owncloud.fraunhofer.de/index.php/s/2nbdyfs9GpMfutp/download)
5. On successful compilation, deploy system and run

## Note
In case you import any projects, always remove the `CMakeFiles, CMakeCache, Make` and `build` directory, and rebuilt the projects
